The Installment Loan Calculator is a financial modeling framework
for home mortgages, auto loans, and other types of installment
loans. Given any three of the following variables, the calculator
solves for the fourth.

    PV  - principal amount
    n   - number of monthly payments
    APR - annual interest rate (eg. 6.5 for 6.5%)
    PMT - monthly payment amount

First Payment Date is used to determine payment dates for the
amortization schedule.

If the specified input file, ~/menuapp/data/iloan.dat, is
available, C-Menu Form reads the values from the file and
populates the fields. Otherwise, the fields are initialized to
0.

Enter any three known values in the appropriate fields and 0 in
the field you want to calculate.

To navigation among fields, use the up, down, tab, and back-tab
keys or the mouse. Use these keys to move sequentially among
fields without disturbing field values, or mouse click to move
directly to any field or position within any field.

The behavior of the Enter key depends on the setting of the
f_erase_remainder flag in the C-Menu configuration, (CMENU_RC). If
true, characters above and to the right of the cursor will be
truncated by pressing enter, allowing the user to remain focused
on the source document without looking up to clear artifacts from
previous edits. If f_erase_remainder is set to false, the Enter
key functions like the tab key.

Form starts in overwrite mode, but INS mode can be toggled by
pressing the insert key or clicking INS in the chyron. When in
insert mode, the INS in the chyron will be highlighted.

After the last field (First Payment Date) is accepted, edit mode
terminates and Form enters disposition mode as indicated by the
appearance of action commands in the chyron (the highlighted line
at the bottom of the window). The user can activate these commands
by mouse clicking in the appropriate block within the chyron or
pressing the associated key.

F5 Process solves for the fourth value (entered as 0) and displays
the results. The chyron then presents the F5 Edit command, which
allows the user to return to edit mode, change field values and
iterate until satisfied with the results.

F9 Cancel exits the form without further processing.

F10 Commit writes the field values to the specified output file
(~/menuapp/data/iloan.dat) and prints the amortization schedule.
